Hey, good morning, family.
How are y'all doing today?
Glory to God.
Well, it looked like we had some victory when it comes to the hurricane.
It went from a Category 5 to a Category 3, and I believe that's by the prayers of the righteous, praying and believing for that thing to fall apart.
You know what?
It could have been a lot worse.
It could have been a lot worse if it would have hit at what it was when it was in the Gulf, but God, who is rich in mercy.
I just want to say, we're doing it, folks.
This is why we're here.
That's why the Lord said, 'Hey, Brandon, I want you to go on and do these prayer videos for the next 30 days.
' Now, we're going to take communion today again, so if you are new here and you didn't pray with us yesterday or the day before, today's your day, and I'm excited you're here.
But we have a mission, and it is to disrupt the things of the devil.
He is not going to have victory in this earth as long as we're here; we have authority over him, and we're going to rise up and take our authority over the devil.
We don't need to go around hitting the devil in the head like those Whac-A-Mole—you know, those Whac-A-Moles at the fair that are always sticking up.
I've told everybody this: it's like we're always trying to wait and put out the devil's fires.
The body of Christ is running around with a fire hose, always putting out the devil's fires.
I said it is ridiculous.
We are watchmen.
We see far in advance—sometimes I see years, sometimes I see days, sometimes I see even more than five years.
We'll be up on the wall and we'll see things coming, but we know we're going to put out the fire before he starts it.
That's why the Holy Spirit warns us and guides us about all things.
He doesn't want us to be caught off guard.
Was the hurricane catching us off guard?
No.
We know that there are going to be things, but we have authority over them.
We know that we're in the end times.
We know, ladies and gentlemen, that as labor pains come upon a woman, so will it be.
We know it's going to get darker and darker because the Bible told us it would.
Can we stop it all?
No, we can't, because some things are going to happen, but we can protect our families.
You don't have to walk in fear of the devil.
You don't have to walk in bondage.
For me and my house, I always say, 'Let the storm rage outside, but there's peace on the inside.
' I am not going to have the devil stir up a storm inside and outside.
You do what you've got to do; I'm going to take authority over here, and I put a bloodline around my house.
I take communion daily.
I take my seat and I sit with Him.
Everybody says, 'Well, you pray too long.
Your videos go too long.
' If you're only praying ten minutes a day, you're in trouble because of what I've seen coming.
People don't want to hear that in the Word of Faith circles because they think you're being negative, but I'm trying to tell you and warn you as a watchman that there's a storm coming.
I'm trying to tell you that we have authority over the storm.
There are economic things coming and hard days for some people, but we don't have to participate in it.
It's not for us; we're His beloved.
He will always take care of His beloved.
He's not up there warning me, 'Oh, Brandon, guess what?
Doom and gloom is coming for you.
' No, I'm in a covenant with Him.
This is part of my covenant: His body, His blood.
I take it inside of me and I say, 'No, thus far and no further, devil.
' There are no plagues, no pestilence.
Psalm 91.
Just remember what I told you all: I said there was a great storm coming on the East Coast.
Everybody said, 'Well, was that Milton?
Was that the hurricanes coming?
' No.
This was about the Antichrist system, the Antichrist agenda that was trying to come on.
I could see the bands of the hurricane on the East Coast that was coming from the Gulf.
What I saw was not coming from the Gulf; it was coming from the East Coast.
It was a massive storm that went all the way from sea to shining sea, from the south all the way to the north.
It was from coast to coast.
This was a massive storm and the bands started coming upon the land.
The Lord said to me, 'Remember, I saw a massive Holy Ghost wall.
' I have to be careful with that word because last time people got mad at me—a massive Holy Ghost barrier.
These people are so liberal and dumb...
there was a wall of protection for the body of Christ.
I asked the Lord, and it was thick with humongous bricks.
It was like four feet thick in each sector.
On this side was a green valley with a little house that had a chimney.
Smoke was coming up through the chimney, and there was fresh-baked bread inside of this little fire stove.
They were cooking this bread, and in the spirit, I could smell the bread that God had prepared for me.
You could see the stream of water that was still and in peace.
The brook was so clear, it looked like you could just lap it up because it looked like the best water ever.
Thank God for that.
There was a table set up perfectly with all these dishes.
The Lord said to me, 'Brandon, this is Psalm 91 and Psalm 23 combined.
' I have prepared a table before you in the presence of your enemies.
He's the Shepherd; we shall not want.
He makes us lie down in green pastures; He leads us beside the still waters.
That water was beautiful and perfect.
You could smell the fresh-baked bread; it was just perfect.
But there was a wall there.
The name of the Lord is a strong tower, and the righteous run into it and they are safe.
He's our shield and our buckler.
There was a place of protection there.
On the other side was a massive storm.
He says, 'As long as you get Psalm 91 and Psalm 23 deep down in your heart, that storm that's coming won't get on the inside of you.
' You have got to get Psalm 23 and Psalm 91 deep down inside of your heart, not just by memorization, but so that you can quote it backwards and sideways.
Meditate on it, renew your mind to Psalm 23 and Psalm 91.
Get it in you; mutter it like a cow eats cud.
You know how they spit up the old grass and chew on it again?
They have all those stomachs to chew on that grass.
Well, spew the Word of God up out of you and chew it like cud.
It's an old country term, but it's the truth.
Get that Word down inside you.
The Lord said, 'Brandon, you need to increase your scripture reading.
' He told me that when I'd been going to these meetings with Nancy Dufresne and this healing thing.
What she was talking about—getting that Word down inside you—went along with what the Holy Spirit told me.
It was confirmation.
He said it's time for you to get that Word even deeper down inside of your spirit.
Faith comes by hearing, and hearing by the Word of God.
So when the storms come, your house is built on the rock.
Your house is not built on the sands of life so the storm knocks it down.
You've got to have your house on a firm foundation.
Faith works by love, too.
You've got to get your love walk right.
You've got to treat people good and walk in love.
If you say, 'Why is my faith not working?
' check your love thermostat.
If you're not treating people right—I'm always quick to repent if I snap at my wife or my kids.
I instantaneously say, 'Holy Spirit, always be quick to correct me.
' It's never right to be cranky.
You've got to walk in love.
I have learned a lot over the last year walking this channel out by faith.
The Lord is doing so much, and He keeps telling me, 'Brandon, you've got to spend more time with Me.
You've got to separate yourself unto Me.
' I get distracted with doing eBay and Poshmark, and He says, 'Brandon, you've got to take some time and pray more.
' I'm learning.
Glory to God.
I just want to say thank you all for being here.
We're going to take communion and we're going to pray.
I feel the leading of the Holy Spirit to pray today about the people being protected after Milton, but we've also got to pray over the election.
The Lord said for the next 30 days to pray over the election.
I saw a week's span of time bolded: Wednesday, Thursday, Friday.
I saw a secret plan where all hidden things will be revealed.
I saw trucks with mail-in stuff and corruption.
But this was cool: I saw such a windfall—a voice of expression saying, 'This is the way we want our country to go.
' It was so overwhelming they did not know what to do because they didn't realize how much of a windfall it would be.
It was about the Senate and the House.
Having all three—the House, Senate, and presidency—makes sense because you can change things quickly.
You can turn the government around, whereas things can be deadlocked if you only have the House and the presidency.
We have got to stop the enemy.
There are going to be things that change quickly.
I told you about the dam that was massive with all that sludge.
They were going to wait until after the election to release that dam full of the 'swamp'—the nasty sludge of the financial crisis and the dollar crash.
They were trying to hold it back, but that dam had stress cracks all over it.
The housing market was shaking.
Jerome Powell's face was sweating and the housing market was on the bubble.
From what I understand, that's happening right now.
I'm not a real estate expert, but from what I hear, that stuff is happening.
We have authority, so we're going to take communion first.
I don't want to ramble.
Father, I just thank You for Your body and Your blood.
I take this every day as a representation of what You did for me.
I thank You that it is the meal that heals, and that by His stripes, I am healed.
No COVIDs, no flus, no viruses of any kind, no cancers, no pestilence, no plagues, no tumors.
I walk in divine health.
As I take this body, I am wall-to-wall Holy Ghost.
Every cell in my body is in You and You in me.
There is nothing missing and nothing broken.
I have shalom.
Now, Lord, we take this blood and we apply the blood of Jesus over our sins and over our families.
No calamity is coming near us.
I plead the blood.
Satan, no weapon formed against us is going to prosper.
We can eat or drink any deadly thing and it will not harm us.
I have a renewed mind and I plead the blood over my mind and emotions.
I have a sound mind according to 2 Timothy 1:7.
I thank You that the eyes of my understanding are enlightened.
Your blood gives us access to that mercy seat.
Father, we thank You.
Your mercy is new every morning.
We pray over the elections.
In the name of Jesus, Satan, get your hands off of our election.
This will be a free election without corruption.
I thank You, Father, that Your angelic beings are going right now to the polling stations.
Your angels are uncovering all the darkness supernaturally.
We thank You for supernatural protection concerning our land and our election.
We call the House and the Senate into righteousness.
We call for a red wave of Your glory over this land.
The righteous and even the heathen will get out and vote red.
They will say, 'Enough is enough' with the border drama and the thievery.
We're not going to allow America to fall apart.
Father, I thank You that You raise up godly men and women in leadership.
We call forth an awakening unto You.
We call forth a manifestation of a waterfall of turnaround.
What the devil meant for bad, You will turn for good.
I thank You that there's going to be a great revival with Brush Arbor churches and big stadiums full of people worshiping Jesus like they did in the Billy Graham meetings.
This land is not done yet.
You said America will remain a sheep nation.
You will not have your way here, devil.
We are the salt and we hold the blood of Jesus against you.
Father, stir in the hearts of the ministers and the pastors to stop preaching compromise and a lukewarm gospel—the seeker-friendly message.
I thank You, Lord, that there will be a great harvest of souls.
America will be saved, Asia will be saved, Africa, Europe, the Middle East, South America, and Australia.
We call the blinders off of people's eyes.
I thank You, Father, for Your grace and mercy.
Give us one last push for revival.
We need a revelation of what we have, to walk in Your manifested presence.
I thank You, Lord, for the Shekinah glory like You did with William Seymour at Azusa.
Please do it again.
It has to do with humility.
I thank You, Lord, that this would be the harvest of all harvests.
Those trucks I saw with all those mail-in ballots—I call for an exposing of corruption.
Expose, expose, expose!
We take authority over civil war in this nation; we will not have brother against brother.
This will be a place of revival and peace.
There will not be a draft or a call to arms; it will be a call to peace and joy.
I saw that massive snake come up out of the Gulf of Mexico and wrap around this nation, and You said, 'Who will stand in the gap for America?
' We say, 'Yes, Lord, we will intercede.
' What the devil meant for bad, You are going to turn for good.
I believe I receive.
Holy Spirit, I ask You right now to pray through us.
I'm going to pray over healing for your bodies and against terrorist attacks during the elections, or at baseball games, or at Coachella this weekend with President Trump.
We're going to pray in the spirit to get some direction.
If you haven't prayed in a new tongue, just listen along.
You've got to pray it out by faith.
Father, we yield to You.
Everything that's hidden be revealed.
Do you want to go to the mountain of the Lord?
For there is a place for those who are thirsty in the mountain of the Lord.
Lord, we need You more.
Then sings my soul, my Savior God, to Thee, how great Thou art.
He walked the streets of Calvary, the rugged cross He bore.
When He was on the cross, I was on His mind.
He knew me, but yet He loved me.
We were on His mind.
Oh, the glory of Your presence.
Arise from Your rest and be blessed by our praise.
We need Your help, Holy Spirit, to flow, digging out the old wells of revival like Isaac dug the wells that his father once dug.
We get the new wells for something new.
We ain't going back to the past; we're going forward.
Lord, we worship You.
You alone are holy; You alone are worthy.
When I pray in the spirit, don't let your faith be disengaged.
Focus on Him.
Don't let your mouth go on autopilot while you think about what you have to do later.
Focus on His face.
Engage your spirit toward Him and say, 'Lord, show me the things to come.
' Focus your faith on the target—the elections, protection for Donald Trump, your finances, or healing for your body.
Father, we thank You for this prayer time and the mysteries we prayed out.
We expect results and a supernatural turnaround.
I'm going to keep praying.
My wife wants to share a book we've been reading by John Bevere that is absolutely life-changing.
She also wants to talk about these tower gardens.
A sister in the Lord blessed us with these, and they are a great way to have replenishable food.
I've been praying about health and preparing with wisdom.
These gardens grow lettuce and tomatoes inside your house with lights.
If the electric grid went down, you could use a solar box to keep it going.
It's a way to have fresh vegetables without needing tons of canned food.
I had chickens for a while, but they were messy and ate all the grass.
These gardens are a creative idea for the times ahead.
If this is your first time here, please like our videos.
It helps us with the algorithm and gets the videos promoted.
Comment down below and tell us where you're from.
People ask why I wear this prayer shawl; I do it for me as a covering.
Jesus loves you so much.
We will see you again tomorrow and every day until the election.
Be blessed and have an amazing day.
God bless you all.
Bye-bye.